



Exercise 1.3

Create a Registration Form with the following components:

􀂉 User ID (Label and TextField) (textfield name=userid)

􀂉 First Name (Label and TextField) (textfield name=firstname)

􀂉 Last Name (Label and TextField) (textfield name=lastname)

􀂉 Address (Label and Multyline TextField) (textfield name=address)

􀂉 Country (Label and List Box)(List box name=country)

􀂉 Phone (Label and TextField) (textfield name=phone)

􀂉 Zip Code (Label and TextField) (textfield name=zipcode)

􀂉 Gender (Label and Radio Button) (radiobutton name=gender)

􀂉 Button for Submit ( name: submit)

􀂉 Button for Reset (name: reset)

Submit the war file

Additional Information:

Please note the following:

􀂉 Title of registration form page: Registration Form.

􀂉 The name of the elements are exactly same as of specified in the question. For

Example the submit button should be declared as <input type=submit

name=submit>.

􀂉 When the submit button is clicked, a new page should be displayed with

following specifications:

o Title for the new page: HtmlPage.

o The page should display the text “Your Data have been

uploaded” in the body of the page.

􀂉 Include the home html page in the welcome list of web.xml file.

􀂉 Example: Suppose the name of the html page is HomePage.html

<welcome-file-list>

<welcome-file>HomePage.html</welcome-file>

</welcome-file-list>

Exercise 1.4 (Optional)

(10 Marks)

Generate the following output by using the appropriate HTML commands:

Planet Name Year Length Day Length

Mercury 88 days 59 days

Venus 225 days 243 days

Earth 365 days 24 hrs

Mars 765 days 24.6 hrs

Submit a document containing:

􀃖 The program code

􀃖 Output Screenshot

Exercise 1.5

Design an HTML page to display the following output:

a) <PRE>

The PRE command uses a preset format from a device used

to create a file, especially in cases of a word

processor created document. It is an easy way to

convert text documents to Web documents. Check your

code by inserting <PRE> tag in your document.

b) <LIST>

Lists can be either order or unordered. Unordered lists

use symbols for display, ordered lists use numbers.

Example: (Ordered List)

i. Circle (default)

ii. Square

iii. Moon

Example: (UnOrdered List)

i. One

ii. Two

iii. Three

Additional Information:

Please note the following:

􀂉 The title of the page must be FormatterTags.

􀂉 The file name must be FormatterTags.html.

Exercise 1.6

Design a Web page. The page must contain the following elements:

i. A couple of paragraphs of normal text

ii. A line with bold formatting

iii. A horizontal line which is green in color

iv. A colored background

v. A text, which is center aligned

vi. An image, which is located at the top right corner of the page

Exercise 1.7

Design a Web page. The page must contain the following elements:

i. Some text in italics format

ii. A text which is colored in blue

iii. A mailto link

iv. An image of size 300*300 in size

v. Another image that is a link to page called MyImages.html which has lot of

images in the pages

Submit a document containing:

􀃖 Program Code

􀃖 Output Screenshot

Exercise 1.8

Complete the following assignment:

i. Design a Web page called First.html. The page must contain the following

elements:

􀂉 First.html should have a link to a second page called Second.html on

your Web site.

ii. The Second.html must contain:

􀂉 Short description of yourself. Do not provide your full name, address, or

phone number.

􀂉 A collection of links (in a bulleted list) to sites that contain information about

your hobbies or subjects that interests you

􀂉 A background image

􀂉 Links to search engines such as Google, MSN, and so on

􀂉 A horizontal line that is 300 pixels long and 15 pixels high

Submit a document containing:

􀃖 Program Code

􀃖 Output Screenshot

Exercise 1.9

Complete the following assignment:

i. Design a login page with the following components and name it as

Login.html and it should reside in a folder called Ex1_9:

􀂉 Two Labels (with captions Login and Password)

􀂉 One TextField (for Login)

􀂉 One Password Field (For Password)

􀂉 One Submit button

􀂉 One Reset button

􀂉 One Hyperlink called New user Register

ii. Clicking the Submit button of Login.html page should invoke the

Success.html page, which you have to create and it should reside in a

folder called Ex1_9. The Success.html should have the text Success and

a link to the login page, that is, Login.html.

Clicking the hyperlink “New user Registration” should invoke the registration

form named Registration.html and it should reside in a folder called Ex1_9.

iv. The registration page should have the following components:

􀂉 User ID (Label and TextField)

􀂉 First Name (Label and TextField)

􀂉 Last Name (Label and TextField)

􀂉 Address (Label and Multiline TextField)

􀂉 Country (Label and List Box)

􀂉 Phone (Label and TextField)

􀂉 Zip Code (Label and TextField)

􀂉 Gender (Label and Radio Button)

􀂉 Button for Submit

􀂉 Button for Reset

Please note the following:

􀂉 Adhere to strict naming convention of the file names given to you including

punctuation and case of the letter.

􀂉 The title tag of the Login.html page should have <title>HTML

Page</title>.

􀂉 The title tag of the Registration.html page should have <title>HTML

Page</title>.

􀂉 The title tag of the Success.html page should have <title>HTML

Page</title>.

􀂉 The output produced by your program should be a HTML page.